README.md, before:

# Custom-App-Launcher-for-linux-PC
(Analogy: start menu of windows)

This is an Custom Application Launcher created with PySimpleGUI for Linux based PCs.
The Linux shell commands and shell scripts are integrated as "button events" of the launcher.

N.B. This is working demo version of a custom app launcher as per my personal requirements. This project can be further scaled as per any users' specific needs.

--------

## USAGE

      1. Setting up environment: 
            a. pip install pySimpleGUI
            b. (If needed) Install any other dependency packages based on the current system
               by following error messages (if any) from terminal. 
            
      2. Configure "terminal commands"/"app launching shell script" (Tip: Update the following template files)
            a. dbCOMMANDSignature.py with the "terminal commands"
            b. write .sh scripts for setting up any customized app launches 
               (eg. spyder in a virtual environment, follow example ./bin/*.sh files in this repository)
                        
      3. Make corresponding changes (based on step 2) for "GUI buttons" and "button events" in file: 
            _launchUtils_dev.py 
            (create more layouts if needed)
      
      4. Launch the launcher from the terminal using
            python __init__.py

Commit message:

added youtube demonstration video link

README.md, after:

# Custom-App-Launcher-for-linux-PC
(Analogy: start menu of windows)

This is an Custom Application Launcher created with PySimpleGUI for Linux based PCs.
The Linux shell commands and shell scripts are integrated as "button events" of the launcher.
Useful for launching of applications in a customized environment (eg. python applications in a virtual environment).

N.B. This is working demo version of a custom app launcher as per my personal requirements. This project can be further scaled as per any users' specific needs.

Demonstration: https://youtu.be/25uZrlINJh4

--------

## USAGE

      1. Setting up environment: 
            a. pip install pySimpleGUI
            b. (If needed) Install any other dependency packages based on the current system
               by following error messages (if any) from terminal. 
            
      2. Configure "terminal commands"/"app launching shell script" (Tip: Update the following template files)
            a. dbCOMMANDSignature.py with the "terminal commands"
            b. write .sh scripts for setting up any customized app launches 
               (eg. spyder in a virtual environment, follow example ./bin/*.sh files in this repository)
                        
      3. Make corresponding changes (based on step 2) for "GUI buttons" and "button events" in file: 
            _launchUtils_dev.py 
            (create more layouts if needed)
      
      4. Launch the launcher from the terminal using
            python __init__.py
